OPTIONAL!!!!! (AHMAD)
Check this: https://www.kaggle.com/theacademy/academy-awards and get the information on awards, and fill this data into the dataset!! (DONE)



For Budget get the mean, max, and min. Draw plot diagram to show distribuation.(AYDIN)
For Revenue get the mean, max, and min. Draw plot diagram to show distribuation.(AYDIN)
For Runtime get the mean, max, and min. Draw plot diagram to show distribuation.(AYDIN)

For Rating, use label encoding, and then see unique values, and draw a diagram to show (maybe pie?) (AHMAD) (DONE)
For Genre, use Label Encoding, and then see unique values, and draw a diagram to show (maybe pie?)(AHMAD) (DONE)
For Actors, find mean, max, and min. Draw a plot diagram. (AHMAD) (DONE)

For Country, use Label-encoding, and then draw diagram.(AYDIN)
Meta Score, find mean, max, and min (remeber to ignor zero).(AYDIN)
Imdb rating, find mean, max, and min.(AYDIN)

imdb Vote, find mean. (AHMAD) (DONE)
For Prodcuction Company: Which production company had the most movies released.(AHMAD) (DONE) (Other is the mode)
Draw a diagram for releation between prodcution and revenue. (AHMAD)

Hypothesis:
1)(AHMAD) (FAILS)
H0: The Higher the number of famous actors in a movie, the lower the revenue is.
H1: The higher the number of famous actors in a movie, the higher the revenue is.

2)(AYDIN)
H0: The budget of a movie doesn't effect the number of famous actors in it.
H1: The budget of a movie does effect the number of actors in it
(Draw a digaram to show the releationship in addition)

3)(AHMAD) (PASSES)
H0: If a movie's genre is Action, it has a lower average revenue, than if it was of another genre.
H1: If a movie's genre is Action, it has a higher average revenue, than if it was of another genre.

4)(AYDIN)
H0: If a movie is released outside of US, it's revenue will be lower than revenue average.
H1: If a movie is released outside US, it's revenue will be higher than revenue average.

5)(AHMAD) (PASSES)
H0: The Higher the budget of a movie the Lower the revenue is.
H1: The Higher the budget of a movei the Higher the revenue is.

6)(AYDIN)
H0: The Higher number of famous actors in a movie, the Lower it's rating is.
H1: The Higher the number of famous actors in a movie, the Higher it's rating is.

7)(AHMAD) (Fails)
H0: The Higher the imdb votes for a movie, the higher its rating is.
H1: The Higher the imdb votes for a movie, the lower its rating is.

8)(AYDIN) 
H0: If a movie is produced by (find the production company with the most movies), then it will have higher than average revenue
H1: If a movie is produced by (find the production company with the most movies), then it will have lower than average revenue

9)(AHMAD) (FAILS) (BADLY)
H0: If a movie has more than 1 award, it has a lower revenue.
H1: If a movie has more than 1 award, it will have a higher revenue.

Draw one big corrlation diagram, and some small diagrams for the preveious hypothesis. (AYDIN)